title: After Action Report 15W-GC
author: CaptnDavo (Mystic Siren)
date: January 16, 2019
subreddit: r/Eve
url: https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/btwj1w/after_action_report_15wgc/

---

This is a Personal after action account of the battle of 15w-GC. Its all wrong. Hate mail can be sent to Draco Beleren in game.

It's a beautiful Sunday. The Wife kisses me goodbye. She heads off to work while I sit at home in my underwear and play video games. I cop a feel and send her on her way. Lumbering over to my chair, I fire up the ol' battle station. It's time to play some internet spaceships!

Ping! Let's shoot some structures ladies. I've got some glassing to do and you are just the scrubs to do it. Form up in Baltecs and let's do this thing. (Obviously not named after the disastrous Russian Battleship fleet summarily destroyed by the Japanese in 1905). I grab the most expensive megathron on contracts and join the fleet sucksass. Newish FC, sounds excited to be reffing some reffable rubbish.

I remove some extra cap boosters for more t1 ammo… because why not. Who needs those anyway? More Pew is better Pew I always say. NCdock hasn't show up for a week why would they do so today?

Bridge to the first objective and start to Bash the fash. Top Kek they say. Honk for the Honk God. It's boring, super boring and takes about 25-30 minutes.

Warp to the next objective. About 6 minutes in at about 23:10 we start to see a scrubby little bastard warping around and giving the fast tackle something to play with.

3 Minutes Later FC crackles over the VOX: Vigilance Brothers. Tend to your weapons. Clear your guns and Load Fury. The Enemy Approaches!

Caldari Navy Loaded. Local Begins to Spike. At 23:15 The first Munnin Fleet arrives on Grid. Fucking finally… then ships begin to die. At 23:15, on the Holy day of Battle, Evota Hero tackler of the imperium drops a bubble on the munnins and gets melted.

At 23:16 – The Baltec Fleet and NC munnins begin to trade ship for ship.

FC: Lock up Lady Aella… and Fire…. My battle station beeps and the Munnin flashes out of existence. Lock targets 2 3 and 4. Wait for it… full broadside. Check ammo, check Range… we're ping ponging all over the place within a minute it's a mad Brawl.

At 23:20, Our fearless leader, Chapter Master and Hero Primus Buck falls in a hail of gun fire and fortizar Bombs. Not before single handedly ravaging the Pandemic Legion battle line, claiming the Heavy assault cruisers Kazi Kugisa, Deros, and Bert Macklin1.

New Pings are flying through the Imperium. The Crab shudders. The Cry of battle has been heard and hundreds shall answer! Harpies and more Baltecs are Forming and ready to join. The Rumble of Titans can be heard as more warriors ready themselves to be thrust into battle.

THERE WAS A FIRE FIGHT!!!!! For the Next 10 minutes the Baltec Fleet was caught between a Fortizar and 2 Munnin Fleets. We were furiously smashing Logistics cruisers. Losing many battleships in the process. Never give up! Never surrender!

I take a quick sip from my Shirley temple and wipe the sweat from my brow. I change ammo. 30 KM. wait next target is 85km. Ha, Blapped the Lachesis. Shit Stags Leap just went down. Boom another Munnin dies.

At 23:28 all hope seeming lost, a shudder through the fleet, our champion has fallen. Carneros Leader and legend of the Bastion. His Bhaalgorn engulfed in flames explodes. Will the line break? Who among us can stand against such violence? Where is the Megathron and the Pilot? Where is the Ping that was calling? So much Death. What can men do against such reckless hate?

At 2330 another Cyno goes up… What fresh hell is this… wait its blue! The first of the Calvary has arrived. Primus has returned brought friends! More battleships and assault frigates fly into system. We've drawn even. Still outnumbered and outgunned, but we're holding.

More battleships die. More Logi and heavy assault cruisers Die. We're working our way into the Command structure now. 2 Horde Claymores are popped. We lose another Bhaalghorn.

Another sip. Fuck they're at 23 km now. There is a malediction within spitting distance. Fuck it launch drones. Bombs be damned.

Another Cyno goes up. Shit I'm out of cap boosters.

Team speak Beeps madly. RVAMITCHELL: Mystic where the fuck are you going, get back to the fleet!

Shit… I'm 70 km from our FC caressing the undercarriage of the NC/Pan Fleet….overheat prop mod on back to the blue blob. Pray for me Brothers.

I hit the need armor button. Yellow Boxes everywhere. Boom. I take a Fort bomb to the face MWD blaring, it tastes salty.

Ship Alarms blaring. 10% Armor. Fuck, I'm going to die. I'm so dead… I'm so fucking dead. I kiss my exotic dancer goodbye and watch as my drones kill the malediction. What's this? Is that a FAX? My Armor blasts to 100% back to 20%, back to 100%. I'm being hit and that big beautiful broken ass FAX just saved my damn life.

My drones kill a random neutral Sunesis. Screw that guy. Boom another Lachesis. Shit Bombers. Where did my drones go?

More imperium harpies arrive. More exploding ships. The Emperor Protects.

For the next 10 minutes we smash their remaining Logi, many whelps. More DPS!

At 23:50 NC. And PANFAM begin to break and run. Another Claymore Dies. The munnins warp out and leave their logi train to die.

We finishing Reinforcing the Fort. The Imperium has held the objective at great cost, but it was glorious. On the way home, my Shirley Temple empty… our spirits lifted by battle, we catch a few stragglers. We smash a Loki and the Pandamic Horde FC in a Monitor on the out gate.

51 kills later, I dock up and get ready for the next fleet.