title: Bastion Line Member 49-U BR/AARP Battle Brawl Super spectacular
author: CaptnDavo (Mystic Siren)
date: September 2020
subreddit: r/Eve
url: https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/iyv3hk/bastion_line_member_49u_braarp_battle_brawl_super/

---

It's 3am the night before. I'm exhausted from a night of grinding isk for our master Mittens al gul. Spikey McFireface task master, has had us working hard in the forges of delve. I lay in my bed eagerly awaiting the battle. I had received no less than 20 pings and 15 pongs about 49-u. #Bossbabe had even called me personally to tell me to be there.

7:30 Am rolls around and I'm sitting in my sweaty chair ready for another zoom meeting. It's awful as usual, but I'm getting pretty good at duel boxing Eve and triple boxing comms. I'm really hoping it was the Trig discord that heard me flush and not my work.

4:30ish rolls around and I'm sitting in the same position, with the same poorly brewed cup of coffee, staring at the same computer screens. The door rings and a man in a suit is standing outside with a carrier Pigeon. I knock over a mound of snack wrappers and make my way to the door. The man hands me a piece of paper. I break the wax seal on the delicately embossed parchment. He takes out a small silver bell and "pings" it as I open and begin to read. Carneros, the classiest Imperium leader, has called us to action. The battle for 49-u will begin soon. I nod at the man. He leaves without a word.

I run to the refrigerator and restock my supplies. It's 4 steps up to the kitchen. I find myself winded and nearly out of breath with excitement. To the disgust of my loving wife and the disappointment of my adoring children, I inform them I will be busy this fine evening.

My Two Battle beers and a helping of the finest leftovers at the ready.

It's time to fornicate.

I watch a clip of Snek from My Hero Academia getting smacked by Saitama. This puts me at half-mast while we form BBs and Dreads. (BS is the incorrect terminology and if you disagree with me you can fight my waifu Nagato. Azure lane x eve collab when?)

I have the option between Baltec or Supertrain. I choose Baltec but I regret that choice as Supertrains have better skins for potato mode. For capitals, I have a choice between Nyx, Rev or Thanny. I picked Rev and that was the biggest mistake of my life. Sorry Honey, you're still number 2. Ugh… my hanger queen lives another day.

Dreads are waiting at a midpoint. Baltecs and Super trains are bridging onto the fort. We create a couple of battle balls to defend against a strong thrust from Snek. Little did I know this would mean we would be bashing balls against each other, Dreads and HACS against our Battleships. Snek defiantly has more subs than us but I think we brought more Doms.

The fight was a tidi cluster and I don't really remember much. Eve if I didn't love you, I would hate you. I do remember targeting a claymore Detective miller and killing that guy. Yeah… totally dunked on that guy.

How would I describe the fight? Well, I was shooting eve bad guys in my megathron and I had time to take the kids to karate in between module activation. It was amazing. I felt like a kid with a blindfold trying to hit bubbles with a stick. Did you see the Vendetta guy? What an absolute hero. I barely managed to lose my mega. Not so lucky with the dread. Did you know that the goon standard fit Coercer has exactly enough HP to survive a single hit from a fort PDS?

I can't wait to do this again. Good Fight Snek but also Suck my Baltecs you filthy space nerds.